---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "metanetworks_posture_check Resource - terraform-provider-metanetworks"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# metanetworks_posture_check (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "metanetworks_metaport" "example" {
  name                  = "CrowdStrike Posture Check"
  description           = "Example Description"
  apply_on_org          = true
  osquery               = "select * from services where name='CSFalconService' and status='RUNNING';"
  platform              = "Windows"
  enabled               = true
  action                = "NONE"
  when                  = ["PRE_CONNECT"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) The name of the posture check.
- **when** (Set of String) When the posture check should run. Values: `PRE_CONNECT`, `PERIODIC`.

### Optional

- **action** (String) What happens when a posture check is failed. Values: `DISCONNECT`, `NONE`
- **apply_to_org** (Boolean) Required if `sources` is omitted). Applies setting to entire organization.
- **check** (Block List) Templated scenario to posture check for. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--check))
- **description** (String) The description of the posture check.
- **enabled** (Boolean) default=true
- **exempt_sources** (Set of String) Sources to exclude from posture check.
- **interval** (Number) Required if `when` contains `PERIODIC`). Time in *minutes* between checks. Values: `5-60`
- **osquery** (String) OSQuery string to perform posture check.
- **platform** (String) Platform that the posture check is for. Values: `Android`, `macOS`, `iOS`, `Linux`, `Windows`, `ChromeOS`.
- **sources** (Set of String) Required if `apply_on_org` is omitted). Applies setting to specified sources.
- **user_message_on_fail** (String) Failure message to display when posture check fails.

### Read-Only

- **created_at** (String) Creation Timestamp.
- **id** (String) The ID of the posture check.
- **modified_at** (String) Modification Timestamp.

<a id="nestedblock--check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `check`

Required:

- **type** (String) Values: `jailbroken_rooted`, `screen_lock_enabled`, `minimum_app_version`, `minimum_os_version`, `malicious_app_detection`, `developer_mode_enabled`.

Optional:

- **min_version** (String) String of the version.


