---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "metanetworks_swg_content_categories Resource - terraform-provider-metanetworks"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# metanetworks_swg_content_categories (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "metanetworks_swg_content_categories" "example" {
  name        = "example"
  description = "example content category"
  types       = ["Advertising", "Games"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) The name of the content category.

### Optional

- **confidence_level** (String) Degree of confidence (threshold) that must be met when the classification engine decides on URL classification. Enum: 'LOW', 'MEDIUM', 'HIGH'
- **description** (String) The description of the content category.
- **forbid_uncategorized_urls** (Boolean) Whether to forbid access to uncategorized URLs.
- **types** (Set of String) Array of strings with category types to restrict. Enum: 'Abortion', 'Adult Sex Education', 'Advertising', 'Alcohol Tobacco', 'Anonymizer', 'Blogs', 'Computer Hacking', 'Dead Sites', 'Drugs', 'Education', 'Email Host', 'Finance', 'Food', 'Gambling', 'Games', 'Government', 'Health', 'Hobbies Interests', 'Illegal Or Questionable', 'Job Employment', 'Lingerie Bikini', 'Military', 'Militancy Hate And Extremism', 'Music', 'News And Media', 'Nudity', 'Politics', 'Pornography', 'Portals', 'Real Estate', 'Religion', 'Search', 'Shopping And Auctions', 'Social Networking', 'Society And Lifestyle', 'Software Technology', 'Sports', 'Streaming Media', 'Television Movies', 'Translator', 'Travel', 'Vehicles', 'Violence', 'Weapons'
- **urls** (Set of String) A list of URLs to put under this custom content category.

### Read-Only

- **created_at** (String) Creation Timestamp.
- **id** (String) The ID of the content category.
- **modified_at** (String) Modification Timestamp.
- **org_id** (String) The ID of the organization.


